In your case, it is not that the owner above reminded God of his schedule in the middle of the week to meet him.
Then are you going to work?
Why don't I let it go? It's okay,
He is absent, but what about things?
They're all very nice. I'll take you there tomorrow.
Okay, please, we are willing to get rid of you at once.
If you don’t want to be here, you can call anywhere,
The Lord wants to get rid of the dead,
Yes, I am Yunzhou, do something.
Ah, Miss Su from the Su family in Yunzhou, right?
In addition to making arrangements before the event, I'm just waiting for you to come over.
You come with me and move forward. Although you your
Let's make a promise and tell you to hurry up
Although we have already divided ourselves from the Lord
This is to make the decision
You see Dai go home
I'll teach you how to negotiate
I'm going to pick it up. There are still some things that need to be changed.
Tell us how many you have
Our Lord has spoken
This time Gezhong
Be sure to appreciate all your invitations. Thank you.
Come on we are
something
Today we are thinking about something
Been here